Add ability to customize automatic update channels for add-ons (#17597)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/userGuide.md

|Notify |Notify when updates are available to add-ons within the same channel |
|Disabled |Do not automatically check for updates to add-ons |

##### Default Update Channel {#DefaultAddonUpdateChannel}

When [Automatic add-on updates](#AutomaticAddonUpdates) are enabled, by default, add-ons only update to the same [channel](#AddonStoreFilterChannel).

> For example, an installed beta version will only update to an installed beta version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, an installed beta version will only update to a newer beta version.
```

This option sets the default update channel for all add-ons.
You can also change the update channel for a [specific add-on individually from the Add-on Store](#AddonStoreUpdateChannel).

| . {.hideHeaderRow} |.|
|---|---|
| Options | Same (Default), Any, Do not update, Stable, Beta/Dev, Beta, Dev |
| Default | Same |

| Option | Behaviour |
|---|---|
| Same | Add-ons will remain on their channel |
| Any | Add-ons will always automatically update to the latest version, regardless of channel |

> | Do not update | Add-ons will not automatically update by default, you must enable them individually |

Reviewer: Does this option make sense here? Does this essentially duplicate the automatic updates option, or does this essentially stop all add-ons from being updatable?

| Stable | Add-ons will only automatically update to stable versions |
| Beta/Dev | Add-ons will only automatically update to beta or dev versions |
| Beta | Add-ons will only automatically update to beta versions |

> | Dev | Add-ons will only automatically update to dev versions |

Reviewer: I don't think the wording here is very clear:

1. Get rid of the words "only" and "automatically". The options can be overridden on a per add-on basis, so there is no "only", and nothing will happen "automatically" if the user has automatic updates disabled.

Author: I think removing "automatically" will make it unclear that this applies to automatic updates, i.e., user's may assume that changing these settings will affect their ability to manually update add-ons.

Please be aware that this doesn't replace direct communication with add-on developers.
Instead, the purpose of this feature is to share feedback to help users decide if an add-on may be useful for them.

#### Changing the automatic update channel (#AddonStoreUpdateChannel)

You can manage the automatic update channels for add-ons from the [installed and updatable add-ons tabs](#AddonStoreFilterStatus).

> When [Automatic add-on updates](#AutomaticAddonUpdates) are enabled, add-ons only update to the same [channel](#AddonStoreFilterChannel) by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When [Automatic add-on updates](#AutomaticAddonUpdates) are enabled, all add-ons update to the same [channel](#AddonStoreFilterChannel) ([the same channel they were installed from, by default](#DefaultAddonUpdateChannel)).
```
